# Hotel Design Activity


## Comprehension Questions
Question | Answer
:------------- | :-------------
What classes does each implementation include? Are the lists the same? | Both implementations include the same classes. They are CartEntry, ShoppingCart, and Order.
Write down a sentence to describe each class.| CartEntry seems like it initializes an entry that will go into a shopping cart. ShoppingCart initializes a shopping cart that will take entries that are created in the CartEntry class. Order initializes a shopping cart and calculates the total price for the order
How do the classes relate to each other? | The Entry class calculates the price for an item that is added to the cart and that information is given to the Cart class. Then the order class intializes an order and that in turn makes a new Cart from the cart class and in implementation B, takes the for an item from Entry...meaning that in B, Order takes data from Cart and Entry directly.
What data does each class store? How (if at all) does this differ between the two implementations? |  CartEntry is storing the unit price and quantity and in B, it also stores the total price for that entry into the the cart. ShoppingCart stores all of the entries created in the CartEntry class and in B, it stores the price for the entire cart. Order stores the total price for an order factoring in taxes.
What methods does each class have? How (if at all) does this differ between the two implementations? | In A, CartEntry has initialize and in B, a price method is added. In A, ShoppingCart has initialize and in B, a price method is added. Order has initialize and total_price in both A and B, though the total_price method is written differently in the two implementations.
Consider the Order#total_price method. In each implementation,Is logic to compute the price delegated to "lower level" classes like ShoppingCart and CartEntry, or is it retained in Order? Does total_price directly manipulate the instance variables of other classes? | In A, total_price is manipulating instance variables from other classes and it is trying to do all the logic on it's own versus just telling those classes what it needs from them. Like Metz says in chapter 4, the order class is saying this is what I want from you and this is exactly how you give it to me. In B, total_price calls a shopping cart method to help calculate the total_price, but it doesn't manipulate instance variables of other classes.
If we decide items are cheaper if bought in bulk, how would this change the code? Which implementation is easier to modify? | I would change the CartEntry#price method in B to calculate the bulk price...maybe using some sort of conditional where if the quantity is at a certain threshold, the price is discounted by a certain amount. In A, you would have to change the Order#total_price method to add a bulk price. I think it would be easier to change in B.
Which implementation better adheres to the single responsibility principle? | B better adheres to single responsibility because the classes do the logic for themselves rather than relying on a "high level" class to do it all for them. In A, only the order class does any logic and that means it's responsible for doing the logic for other classes!
Bonus question once you've read Metz ch. 3: Which implementation is more loosely coupled? | I think that B is more loosely coupled because A uses another classes' instance variables in its methods. I
